README.md, before:

# Genesys Cloud MCP Server

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@makingchatbots/genesys-cloud-mcp-server)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@makingchatbots/genesys-cloud-mcp-server)
[![Follow me on LinkedIn for updates](https://img.shields.io/badge/Follow%20for%20updates-LinkedIn-blue)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lucas-woodward-the-dev/)

A Model Context Protocol (MCP) server for Genesys Cloud's Platform API.

## Tools Overview

An overview of the tools that this MPC server makes available. Read more about each specific tool
in the [tools doc](/docs/tools.md).

| Tool                                                                          | Description                                                         |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Search Queues](/docs/tools.md#search-queues)                                 | Searches for queues by their name (supports wildcards)              |
| [Query Queue Volumes](/docs/tools.md#query-queue-volumes)                     | Determines conversation volumes and member count by Queue IDs       |
| [Sample Conversations By Queue](/docs/tools.md#sample-conversations-by-queue) | Extracts a representative sample of Conversation IDs for a Queue ID |

## Authentication

This currently only a supports stdio Server. To configure authentication you'll need to:

1. Create an OAuth Client in Genesys Cloud
2. Assign the permissions to it for the tools you want to be used
3. Provide the following environment variables when referencing the server:
   - `GENESYSCLOUD_REGION`
   - `GENESYSCLOUD_OAUTHCLIENT_ID`
   - `GENESYSCLOUD_OAUTHCLIENT_SECRET`

## Getting Started

```bash
nvm use
npm install
npm run dev
```

## Under active development

This is part of [personal project](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/lucas-woodward-the-dev_genesys-genesyscloud-vertexai-activity-7321306518908280833-cWt8?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop&rcm=ACoAABsbo2wBcmnNqxYJ5UO9BrsfURZcVEtgLOU)
to create a conversational Business Insights tool. It is a practical way for my to learn MCP servers, and how best to represent Genesys Cloud's Platform APIs in a way that can be easily consumed by LLMs.

There will be a lot of changes, and I will be sure to [share my learnings in my newsletter](https://makingchatbots.com/).

Commit message:

Add tool to retrieve call quality (#10)
Adds a tool for retrieving the call quality of multiple conversation IDs (`voice_call_quality`)

README.md, after:

# Genesys Cloud MCP Server

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@makingchatbots/genesys-cloud-mcp-server)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@makingchatbots/genesys-cloud-mcp-server)
[![Follow me on LinkedIn for updates](https://img.shields.io/badge/Follow%20for%20updates-LinkedIn-blue)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lucas-woodward-the-dev/)

A Model Context Protocol (MCP) server for Genesys Cloud's Platform API.

## Tools Overview

An overview of the tools that this MPC server makes available. Read more about each specific tool
in the [tools doc](/docs/tools.md).

| Tool                                                                          | Description                                                              |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [Search Queues](/docs/tools.md#search-queues)                                 | Searches for queues by their name (supports wildcards)                   |
| [Query Queue Volumes](/docs/tools.md#query-queue-volumes)                     | Retrieves conversation volumes and member count by Queue IDs             |
| [Sample Conversations By Queue](/docs/tools.md#sample-conversations-by-queue) | Retrieves a representative sample of Conversation IDs for a Queue ID     |
| [Voice Call Quality](/docs/tools.md#voice-call-quality)                       | Retrieves voice call quality metrics for one or more conversations by ID |

## Authentication

This currently only a supports stdio Server. To configure authentication you'll need to:

1. Create an OAuth Client in Genesys Cloud
2. Assign the permissions to it for the tools you want to be used
3. Provide the following environment variables when referencing the server:
   - `GENESYSCLOUD_REGION`
   - `GENESYSCLOUD_OAUTHCLIENT_ID`
   - `GENESYSCLOUD_OAUTHCLIENT_SECRET`

## Getting Started

```bash
nvm use
npm install
npm run dev
```

## Under active development

This is part of [personal project](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/lucas-woodward-the-dev_genesys-genesyscloud-vertexai-activity-7321306518908280833-cWt8?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop&rcm=ACoAABsbo2wBcmnNqxYJ5UO9BrsfURZcVEtgLOU)
to create a conversational Business Insights tool. It is a practical way for my to learn MCP servers, and how best to represent Genesys Cloud's Platform APIs in a way that can be easily consumed by LLMs.

There will be a lot of changes, and I will be sure to [share my learnings in my newsletter](https://makingchatbots.com/).
